README.md, before:

# WebService

## Setup

### Development

Install

python
pip

and install pipenv using this with the command

pip install pipenv


pipenv install (intead try use pipenv sync)

pre-commit install

pre-commit run --all-files - for first time.

push will be successfull even if there are failed checks for the unstaged changes(non commited files).
https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit/issues/2486

pre-commit clean (rm -rf ~/.cache/pre-commit)  --- clean pre-commit cache
pre-commit gc - clean unused cached repos
pre-commit uninstall - uninstall pre-commit hooks
rm -rf .git/hooks/* -- remove existing hooks


pull request suggestions:
1. if there is only one commit, the PR will take the first line as title and rest as description
2. If there are multiple commits, the PR will take branch name as title leaving the description is empty

These two approches are good:
Small changes with single commits
and a little bit big change with multiple commits

Don't make a PR with lot of changes in a single PR, it will be hard to review.

Commit message:

setup: database setup (#15)
mysql database setup for the app
same for the pytest test cases
config management to switch between mysql and sqlite based on env vars
docker compose file for mysql database
initial database creation script
pylint disable no-value-for-parameter
Implementation of StringColumn and TextColumns with default max_length to avoid mysql column and row limit issues
test cases for BaseConfig and EnvironmentConfig
isort pre-commit to --check-only
keep ruff pre-commit on top of all formatters and linters as per docs
removing return typing None since it's the default

README.md, after:

# WebService

## Setup

##### Mysql server

`docker run -d --name omdb-mysql -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=1234 -p 3308:3306 mysql:8.2`

set env varibles if you want the server to use mysql if any of the env in following is not set, the server will take the default sqllite.

```
SERVICE_DATABASE_USER
SERVICE_DATABASE_PASSWORD
SERVICE_DATABASE_HOST
SERVICE_DATABASE_PORT

# This database should already exist if mysql
SERVICE_DATABASE_NAME
```

### Development

Install

python
pip

and install pipenv using this with the command

pip install pipenv


pipenv install (intead try use pipenv sync)

pre-commit install

pre-commit run --all-files - for first time.

push will be successfull even if there are failed checks for the unstaged changes(non commited files).
https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit/issues/2486

pre-commit clean (rm -rf ~/.cache/pre-commit)  --- clean pre-commit cache
pre-commit gc - clean unused cached repos
pre-commit uninstall - uninstall pre-commit hooks
rm -rf .git/hooks/* -- remove existing hooks


pull request suggestions:
1. if there is only one commit, the PR will take the first line as title and rest as description
2. If there are multiple commits, the PR will take branch name as title leaving the description is empty

These two approches are good:
Small changes with single commits
and a little bit big change with multiple commits

Don't make a PR with lot of changes in a single PR, it will be hard to review.
